feat: add data viz section to website (#287)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/data-visualization/legends/index.mdx

![Legends bahvior highlight on hover](images/legends-behavior-1.png)

</ArtDirection>

</Column>
</Row>

#### Click to solo

Clicking on the legend of one category solos the chart of it, hiding all other categories. Legend gets a checkmark on click, turning into selected state.

<Row>
<Column  colLg={8} colMd={6} colSm={4}>
<ArtDirection>

![legends behavior 2](images/legends-behavior-2-sm.png)
![legends behavior 2](images/legends-behavior-2.png)
![legends behavior 2](images/legends-behavior-2.png)

</ArtDirection>
</Column>
</Row>

<Row>
<Column  colLg={8} colMd={6} colSm={4}>
<ArtDirection>

![legends behavior 3](images/legends-behavior-3-sm.png)
![legends behavior 3](images/legends-behavior-3.png)
![legends behavior 3](images/legends-behavior-3.png)

</ArtDirection>
</Column>
</Row>

When all categories are selected, checkmarks in legends disappears, and legend resets to default state.

<Row>
<Column  colLg={8} colMd={6} colSm={4}>
<ArtDirection>

![legends behavior 4](images/legends-behavior-4-sm.png)
![legends behavior 4](images/legends-behavior-4.png)
![legends behavior 4](images/legends-behavior-4.png)

</ArtDirection>
</Column>
</Row>

### Hidden legends

> Please note that hiding legends is discouraged in data visualization (unless only 1 category of data is displayed). This design is for mobile situations where having legends at a glance is less essential. In general, hiding legends reduces the clarity of the visualization and is inaccessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that hiding legends is discouraged in data visualization (unless only one category of data is displayed). This design is for mobile situations where having legends at a glance is less essential. In general, hiding legends reduces the clarity of the visualization and is inaccessible.
```
